Reword the "Do I need Floodgate" faq item (#100)
GeyserMC/GeyserWebsite: wiki/geyser/faq.mdx

    <Q>
        Do I need Floodgate in order to use Geyser?
        <A>
            No, but it's highly recommended.

>             Floodgate is required if you wish to allow Bedrock clients to join without proving they own the Java version on every login. Without the Floodgate plugin, Geyser can either authenticate to Mojang in online mode, or join without authentication in an offline mode server (but this is unsupported and dangerous as anyone can join your server and it's against Mojang's EULA).  With Floodgate, Bedrock clients don't need to own the Java version of the game, but do still need to authenticate with Xbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Floodgate is required if you wish to allow Bedrock clients to join without logging into their own Java account every time they connect. Without the Floodgate plugin, Geyser can either authenticate to Mojang servers via a provider Java account in online mode, or join without authentication in an offline mode server (but this is unsupported and dangerous as anyone can join your server with any name and is against Mojang's EULA).  With Floodgate, Bedrock clients don't need to own the Java version of the game, but do still need to authenticate with Xbox.
```

>             Floodgate is required if you wish to allow Bedrock clients to join without logging into their own Java account every time they connect. Without the Floodgate plugin, Geyser can either authenticate to Mojang servers via a provider Java account in online mode, or join without authentication in an offline mode server (but this is unsupported and dangerous as anyone can join your server with any name and is against Mojang's EULA).  With Floodgate, Bedrock clients don't need to own the Java version of the game, but do still need to authenticate with Xbox.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest 

```
Floodgate is required if you want Bedrock clients to join a Java server through Geyser without needing a Java account. Without Floodgate, players must sign in with a valid Java account each time they connect. 
The server can also be run in offline mode, but this removes authentication entirely and is unsupported, dangerous, and violates Mojang’s EULA, as anyone can join using any username.

With Floodgate installed, Bedrock players can join without owning a Java Edition account and instead authenticate using their Xbox/Microsoft account.
```

>             Floodgate is required if you wish to allow Bedrock clients to join without logging into their own Java account every time they connect. Without the Floodgate plugin, Geyser can either authenticate to Mojang servers via a provider Java account in online mode, or join without authentication in an offline mode server (but this is unsupported and dangerous as anyone can join your server with any name and is against Mojang's EULA).  With Floodgate, Bedrock clients don't need to own the Java version of the game, but do still need to authenticate with Xbox.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            Floodgate is required if you wish to allow Bedrock clients to join without logging into their own Java account every time they connect. Without the Floodgate plugin, Geyser can either authenticate to Mojang servers via a provided Java account in online mode, or join without authentication in an offline mode server (but this is unsupported and dangerous as anyone can join your server with any name and is against Mojang's EULA).  With Floodgate, Bedrock clients don't need to own the Java version of the game, but do still need to authenticate with Xbox.
```
